Closes #3014: Bug fix: derive_vars_dt() rejects user-defined date_imputation with highest_imputation = "D" [create website] (#3134)
pharmaverse/admiral: NEWS.md

## Updates of Existing Functions

> - `derive_vars_dt()` was enhanced to allow user-defined `date_imputation` values (e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `derive_vars_dt()` and `derive_vars_dtm()` were enhanced to allow user-defined `date_imputation` values (e.g.
```
